ISSUE-1721 Documentation for JMAP OIDC authentication (#1748)
linagora/tmail-backend: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/tmail-backend/webadmin.adoc

Response codes:

* 201: Success. Corresponding task id is returned.
* 400: Error in the request. Details can be found in the reported error.

== JMAP OIDC

=== Backchannel logout

If you use OIDC authentication, the Backchannel logout route can be called by your OIDC provider to invalidate OIDC tokens
on TMail backend server when the user logs out of his JMAP client.

....
curl -XPOST http://ip:port/add-revoked-token?logout_token=[LOGOUT_TOKEN]
....

Where the `logout_token` is a JWT token sent by the OIDC provider during backchannel logout mechanism. It should contain

> at least the `sid` that TMail wiil use to invalidate the token stored in cache, so that I can not be used to anymore to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
at least the `sid` that TMail will use to invalidate the token stored in cache, so that it can not be used to anymore to
```
